Hi, Grandma! Here I am in Paris. Jenny and I arrived by plane the day before yesterday.
Aunt Joan and Uncle Pete met us at the airport. We were tired, so we relaxed at home and
began our tour of the city yesterday. Yesterday we went to the Louvre Museum. It has many
world famous works of art, such as the Mona Lisa. In the evening we had dinner in a French restaurant.
The food was delicious. This morning we took a walk. There are shops and restaurants everywhere,
and I loved the street markets. They sell such good fruit and vegetables. We also did some shopping.
I bought a present for you. I hope you'll like it. At about three o'clock we took the Paris
underground to the Eiffel Tower. It is really high. There were lots of tourists, so first of all we
had to wait in line for an hour, and then we went to the top. We waited till all the lights were on.
It was wonderful. Tomorrow we're going to visit a famous palace and take a boat tour on the river
saying, I'll ride again. Love Betty.